chore(docs): Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#67)
otto-de/api-guidelines: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Does the pull request comply with the [conventional commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) and does the commit message convey the purpose of the change, see also [Compose a changelog relevant pull request](#compose-a-changelog-relevant-pull-request)?
- Will this change highly impact the way we design APIs, and should this be discussed amongst API providers/API community?

## Add a new guideline

You are welcome to propose a new API guideline.
Each API guideline requires a unique rule ID, which must be noted in the front matter of the file.
To identify an unused and thus available rule ID, run the following command:

```bash
grep -r "^id: R00" api-guidelines | rev | cut -d" " -f1 | rev | sort | less

> 

Author: @cgebken  I edited your suggestion to also close the code block.

One can add code blocks to suggestions by starting the suggestion itself with one more backtick

eg:

`````markdown
````suggest
```shell
code block here
```
````
`````

> 

Reviewer: That's great to know! Thank you :)

- Does the pull request comply with the [conventional commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) and does the commit message convey the purpose of the change, see also [Compose a changelog relevant pull request](#compose-a-changelog-relevant-pull-request)?
- Will this change highly impact the way we design APIs, and should this be discussed amongst API providers/API community?

## Add a new guideline

> You are welcome to propose a new API guideline.
> To identify a rule ID, you can use the below command to retrieve a sorted list of the rule IDs already taken.
> This way you can identify a new rule ID for the guideline.
> Do not reuse existing rule IDs.
> 
> ```bash
> grep -r "^id:" api-guidelines | rev | cut -d" " -f1 | rev | sort | less
> ```

Reviewer: I'd like to provide a bit more context. What do you think @kiriakos ? :)

```suggestion
You are welcome to propose a new API guideline.
Each API guideline comes with a unique rule ID that is stated in the file front matter.
To identify an unused and thus available rule ID, run the following command:

```bash
grep -r "^id: R00" api-guidelines | rev | cut -d" " -f1 | rev | sort | less
```

You can choose any rule ID that is not included in the list.
```

Reviewer 2: @cgebken,mentioning  the front matter is a very good point. I'd like to rephrase this a bit, WDYT?

> Each API guideline requires a unique rule ID, which must be noted front matter of the file.

Reviewer: Updated my suggestions accordingly :)
